Update common-terminology.md (#134)
confidential-computing/governance: terminology/common-terminology.md

As more companies and open source projects begin to use similar terms to describe similar paradigms 	that build upon hardware-based Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs), it will be increasingly important that vendors use consistent terminology that describes the ways in which these new capabilities are applied within different functional domains. 

> The Confidential Computing Consortium has defined [^1] Confidential Computing as “the protection of data in use by performing computation in a hardware-based Trusted Execution Environment”, and identified three primary attributes for what constitutes a Trusted Execution Environment: data integrity, data confidentiality and code integrity. As described in Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data, four additional attributes may be present (code confidentiality, programmability, recoverability, and attestability) but are not strictly necessary for a computational environment to be classified as Confidential Computing. 

Reviewer: Since I continue to hear feedback that people want attestability to be a requirement, it may be worth revisiting whether we can get consensus on that, especially given the attestation section at the bottom of this doc which woudl seem to be much stronger if we did declare that attestability was required for confidential computing (even if it's not required in the definition of a TEE).  E.g., I got one request to consider changing "in a hardware-based TEE" to "in a hardware-attested TEE" in order to work in the attestation requirement.  We can discuss in the meeting.

Author: I get the above, but I think it misses the point.  "Hardware-based TEE" is about the runtime and execution, and is completely orthogonal to the attestation.  What's more, the attestation isn't hardware-based: the attestation _measurement_ is hardware-based.  The validation of the attestation is what completes the attestation process, and validates the status of the TEE instance.

As more companies and open source projects begin to use similar terms to describe similar paradigms 	that build upon hardware-based, attested Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs), it will be increasingly important that vendors use consistent terminology that describes the ways in which these new capabilities are applied within different functional domains.

> The Confidential Computing Consortium has defined [^1] confidential computing as "the protection of data in use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Confidential Computing Consortium has defined [^1] Confidential Computing as "the protection of data in use
```

by performing computation in a hardware-based, attested Trusted Execution Environment", and identified three primary
attributes for what constitutes a Trusted Execution Environment: data integrity, data confidentiality, and code

> integrity. As described in Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrity. As described in "Confidential Computing: Hardware-Based Trusted Execution for Applications and Data",
```

 
## Attestation

> However a workload is packaged, the resulting deployment should a mechanism to allow validation

Reviewer: "should a mechanism" is missing something.  Perhaps:
```suggestion
However a workload is packaged, the resulting deployment should provide a mechanism to allow validation
```

> However a workload is packaged, the resulting deployment should provide a mechanism to allow validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However a workload is packaged, the resulting deployment should support interaction in a way that
proves it is running in a TEE instance.

While in traditional computing, there is often a desire to authenticate a server, in Confidential
Computing the goal is to authenticate the TEE instance, and attestation is the means to do that.
The resulting deployment should provide a mechanism to allow validation
```

of an assertion that it is running in a TEE instance. In Confidential Computing an attestation is
the validation of a hardware signed report (an "attestation report") of the measurements of the TCB.
The measurements provided in the attestation relate to the TCB boundaries
depicted in the diagram above. An attestation for process isolation provides assurances about an 
application, whereas an attestation for VM isolation provides assurances about a VM and/or the virtual
firmware used to launch the VM.

Attestation results may be used to support stateless communication, e.g., this
datagram or computational result was produced by a specific TEE instance; or stateful communication,
e.g., this TLS channel is terminated within a specific TEE instance. The packaging provider may
include an attested protocol such as [RA-TLS](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1801.05863.pdf), or provide
API access to granular attestation APIs in the TEE stack. The protocol or API methods must support

> best practices for attestation including freshness, certificate hygiene, and partial or complete TCB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
best practices for attestation including freshness, certificate hygiene, and TCB
```

> best practices for attestation including freshness, certificate hygiene, and partial or complete TCB

Reviewer 2: intent of using the word "partial"?

measurement.

> A full description of attestation bestv practices is outside the scope of this document. Interested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full description of attestation best practices is outside the scope of this document. Interested
```

> readers are encouraged to read the [IETF RATS Working Group]( https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/rats/about/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
readers are encouraged to read the [IETF RATS Working Group](https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/rats/about/) 
```

## Attestation

However a workload is packaged, the resulting deployment should support interaction in a way that
proves it is running in a TEE instance.

While in traditional computing, there is often a desire to authenticate a server, in Confidential
Computing the goal is to authenticate the TEE instance, and attestation is the means to do that.
The resulting deployment should provide a mechanism to allow validation
of an assertion that it is running in a TEE instance. In Confidential Computing an attestation is
the validation of a hardware signed report (an "attestation report") of the measurements of the TCB.
The measurements provided in the attestation relate to the TCB boundaries

> depicted in the diagram above. An attestation for process isolation then authenticates an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depicted in the diagram above. An attestation for process isolation then authenticates an
```

> depicted in the diagram above. An attestation for process isolation provides assurances about an 
> application, whereas an attestation for VM isolation provides assurances about a VM and/or the virtual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depicted in the diagram above. An attestation for process isolation then authenticates an 
application, whereas an attestation for VM isolation conceptually authenticates a VM and/or the virtual
```
